hey Bunty yeah nice review the dsi that
looks like a piece of crap okay I'm not
saying it at you because you bought it
but that looks like a piece of
crap okay I got something here you might
like better it is a dock / charger it
came with the charger cord it's just a
it's an icon its icon DS charger you
were saying you don't like that oh my
things at the at the front well the
reason why it's at the front is because
they don't want to run electrical they
don't want to really run electric
because they're lazy they don't want to
run electrical because it's
mass-produced they don't want to run the
electrical this is in the middle okay
the things here there's a light light
right there a little light right there
okay I don't need to church my DS so
I'll plug it on I don't need to charge
my DS but ok i plug it in the back here
and you see the light is blue okay um
and you did pick your DSN and you press
you want to get when you unplug it ok I
drop my GS in yeah it's in it's in there
okay to get to get my DS out um I push
this button yet the you can't do you
can't do anything with something like
ds1 handed oh yeah I know you pop it oh
oh because these are like so freaking
freaking small and so light but I don't
like that one because it's made by
probably intendo who they they didn't
think oh how can we make it so the
consumer likes it so I agree with you
they could have put it they could have
put it they could have put this could
have been the back this could have been
the back however way you think about it
because but this is the front this is
the back on this one or this front like
actually home this is the front it's
where this symbol this is is the front
this came in a kit with a whole bunch of
good goodies a a headset jack to split a
case I got three new black pens which I
don't really use because I still got my
oh my one pen and I have to these pens
um Kim the case came I think for game
cartridge things just good honey bumble
gift of the review of it but a screen
protector which I had on my ds2 had on
my DSI had the screen protector on as
you can see right there right there I
had on I took it off it wasn't
appropriately positioned and stuff but i
think the products in that case we're
pretty good i've looked at other just
looked at other products I've
he got I've already got the dock charger
and it came with a came with a 9 volt
charger or 12 volt oh sorry a 12-volt
car charger so that I have in my car I'd
like to get I would actually like to get
another another of these and put it in
my family's uh RV or I'm not RV sorry um
our trailer good so I have it to be a
12-volt there what hmm yeah I hate I
know well Bunty you did a good review
and I those are probably three design
flaws I would agree with you but I don't
they should have actually flipped it
around so it would be backwards so you
put when you put the d/s in its like in
it should be like this and have the
power bar power and the thing and the
power and the where the the the pen are
facing out it would have been much
better then but you'd still have this
cord sticking out the side so they
should have put the cord at the BOK s
right at the back put the logo at the
front what it looked cooler well would
have looked more logical for sticking
beside all your pieces of crap Sony's
and the Great and Powerful xboxes you
have ok and also I don't use mine this
as a oh I gotta adkins if I oh I can sit
my
the hell I boo i can sit my DS on the
stock and not lose it don't lose it any
less i put it in a bag this is night
wolf signing off